Ok, let's go through this one by one. First the stage plot designer. Keep this functionality, look and feel no matter what. However:
1. Use better icons. Under add instrument it is fine, but allow the selection of various type of equipment and especially let me know what types of instruments are in the list of instruments for each musician assigned, so yes let me see the musician and their intruments according to their profile information, put these first in the list. But make a keyboard icon look like a keyboard and not just  a square
2. Change "Add Speaker" to "Add Monitor" and in the types of monitor you can have wedge, wired in-ear monitor, or wireless in-ear monitor
3. Add equipment.but allow the selection of various type of equipment and especially let me know what types of equipments are in the list of equipments for each musician assigned, put these first in the list of equipment types or items.
4. Make the microphone, look like a mic stand
5. There should be a section for Add Talent which will automatically pull from the list of talent and professionals assigned to the booking
6. There should be Add Other - which can be anything
More importantly, allow the renaming of the name of everything once it is in the Equipment List (which should be renamed Stage Plot List) So if I added a monitor and I wanted to rename it to Monitor A then i should be able to do so. 
Saving should allow me to save all the settings and to be able to pull it up again for another booking, adjusting for the changes in assigned talents and professionals. For instance if the drummer is missing, then it should be omitted from the list of talent. if a professional (backgronud vocalist is not assigned, they should be omitted) in these cases saving needs to force the creation of a new Stage plot Template name from the one that is loaded.Additionally i mut be able to add items to the stage plot and to move them not only on mobile touch screen devices, but also on desktop with the cursor. In the event the touch screen is not working then there should be the ability to select an item in the Stage Plot List and then use controls buttons that are up, down, left, right, rotate left, rotate right, and an area to rename the item