This agreement (the “Agreement”) is between {client_company_name} (the “Client”) and {company_name} (the “Service Provider”). This Agreement is dated {contract_date}.


DELIVERABLES

The Client is hiring the Service Provider to do the following:

Lí-Lí Octave Performance for 1 hour
Secure Sound System on behalf of Client.


DURATION

The Service Provider will begin preparation for performance from {contract_date} and will perform on {contract_end_date} from 7pm to 8pm.



PAYMENT

The Client will pay the Service Provider a sum of {pricing_table_total}. Of this, the Client will pay the Service Provider a 50% deposit, before work begins.

{pricing_table}

The Service Provider will invoice the Client prior to {contract_end_date}.

The Client agrees to pay the Service Provider in full within 7 days of receiving the invoice or by the  {contract_end_date}, whichever is sooner. Payment after that date will incur a late fee of $500 per month.



EXPENSES

The Client will reimburse the Service Provider’s event related expenses as applicable. Expenses shall be pre-approved by the Client.



REVISIONS

The Client will incur additional fees for revisions requested which are outside the scope of the Deliverables at the Service Provider’s standard hourly rate of $150/revision.



OWNERSHIP AND AUTHORSHIP

Ownership: The Client owns all Deliverables (including intellectual property rights) once the Client has paid the Service Provider in full.

Authorship: The Client agrees the Service Provider may showcase the Deliverables in the Service Provider’s portfolio and in websites, printed literature and other media for the purpose of recognition.



CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-DISCLOSURE
Each party promises to the other party that it will not share information that is marked confidential and non-public with a third party, unless the disclosing party gives written permission first. Each party must continue to follow these obligations, even after the Agreement ends.



REPRESENTATIONS

Each party promises to the other party that it has the authority to enter into and perform all of its obligations under this Agreement.



TERM AND TERMINATION

Either party may end this Agreement at any time and for any reason, by providing 7 days' written notice.

The Client will pay the Service Provider for all work that has been completed when the Agreement ends and shall immediately reimburse the Service Provider for any prior event-related expenses.



LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

The Service Provider’s Deliverables are prsented “as is” and the Service Provider’s maximum liability is the total sum paid by the Client to the Service Provider under this Agreement.


INDEMNITY

The Client agrees to indemnify, save and hold harmless the Service Provider from any and all damages, liabilities, costs, losses or expenses arising out of any claim, demand, or action by a third party as a result of the work the Service Provider has done under this Agreement.



GENERAL

Governing Law and Dispute Resolution. The laws of Dominica govern the rights and obligations of the Client and the Service Provider under this Agreement, without regard to conflict of law provisions of that state.



NOTICES

All notices to either party shall be in writing and delivered by email or registered mail. Notices must be delivered to the party’s address(es) listed at the end of this Agreement.
Severability.  If any portion of this Agreement is changed or disregarded because it is unenforceable, the rest of the Agreement is still enforceable.



ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement supersedes all other prior Agreements (both written and oral) between the parties.

The undersigned agree to and accept the terms of this Agreement.