Let's go to the Booking Workflow, It should be:
i. The Main Booked Talent (managed artist or managed musician) will accept the booking, then the assigned admin or superadmin will confirm and the next steps ensue. 
1. Assign Artists (The Object of the booking meaning the artist or musician requested by the booker when creating the booking should already be assigned) or Musicians. Title this step "Talent Assignment"

2. Contract Generation. In this stage counter-offers may also be received for the price proposed per managed talent user (Managed Artist, Managed Musician, Managed Professional). This Counter Offer is one time and can be approved or declined by the assigned admin to the booking, or superadmin. This will then form the basis of the contract terms and should also be given a time by which any counter offers will not be accepted which will be set by the assigned admin to the booking or superadmin. If no time is set, then the default is 24 hrs. If a talent user declines or is unassigned, then their contribution to the technical rider will be invalidated.

3. Technical Rider Creation (it will pull the technical requirements and hospitality requirements from the profiles of the assigned musicians or artists once they approve their contract and are not unassigned from the booking. Priority order - A. Object of Booking B. Managed Artist(s) C. Managed Musicians D. Artists E. musicians F. Managed Professionals (priority to performance professionals) G. Professionals)

4. Signature Collection. once the managed talent agrees to the terms, they may place their signature (either by uploading a graphic (preferably a transparent background png file), using the cursor, or typing their name and choosing an italicized font that they feel best represents their signature) on their contracts. but once the technical rider is filled in, then it is presented to the booker, along with the booking agreement, which uses the price set by the assigned admin, or superadmin (with suggestions based of the asking price of each assigned talent user; and also the final offer provided to each talent as a total, as per their final version of their contract) This will help with crafting that final price to the booker as an advice set of figures.

5.Payment processing should include the creation of a proforma invoice once the booking is accepted. On acceptance of the proforma invoice by the booker, that proforma invoice will be converted to an invoice ready for full or partial payment. The booker can use the checkout system for that and be allowed to set how much of the total of the invoice they are paying now via Stripe or PayPal or via other means (Wire Transfer Methods (provide the booker the bank wire transfer details) or Cash/Cheque). For each entry made against the total, a receipt will be generated for the booker. When full payment is made of the invoice, payment vouchers are created in the system for each talent, that they will confirm receipt of funds and it will then be counter-confirmed by the assigned admin, or superadmin.

6. Optional feedback forms will be presented that the ai career module will use as data to help enhance the managed artist or managed talent (especially who is the object of the booking's) career.

for all these steps the appropriate alerts will need to be emailed to each party (email in profile is mandatory for managed talent users and bookers(even if guest booking is made)) to alert them that they have a matter that needs attention; using mail.comeseetv.com