The demo mode setting in the superadmin dashboard is on. here's what I want you to do. Hear me out. 
The four managed real artists Lí-Lí Octave, Janet Azzouz, JCro, and Princess Trinidad you should scour the internet and get their real data and create them in the "live database" what I mean is (you could either create a separate database for real/live vs demo or you could use the existing system and add a demo flag, so that once the flag is there, when the site is in demo mode, only the demo-flagged users(or entries) would be accessed/used. I actually prefer this second option because there will be no need to modify too much logic to implement it.). So you can then create a demo user for each and every type of user type in the system but limit their powers (and the demo superadmin should not be the real superadmin and should not be able to effect any real changes in the system ). Anyways, the reason I wanted this this way is to allow OppHub to analyze the real/live users and "practice" by using the demo users information to run tests and checks in the background based on how it observes real people behaving. It should test things out behind the scenes so it is always ready to help address real world suggestions etc. Makes sense? OppHub will need a test environment so this will allow it to be able to test and develop and try new things etc all with the interest of progress financially and otherwise. We are also a caring company and we need to be able to take care of those who want to join the music industry but need guidance. we need to be there for them with clear guidelines and step by step approaches with a knowledge base and a faq section that both provide concrete music industry certified information and answers. Double check the inhouse newsletter functionality to make sure it is working and that we can use mail.comeseetv.com to send out newsletters and information about releases, invite people to signup and subscribe to the newsletter and if they are interested in information on a particular managed artist or managed musician then a mini-newsletter can go out to these fans about updates and releases and shows and tickets etc for their artist first before media outlets get the press releases and DJs worldwide get the song(s) based on the genre that the DJ does and which matches the genre of the song/album being put out. So professionals that are DJs need to specify their area of genre/interest which also includes general. Certain media outlets are also filtered in the same way. So there needs to be a way for the superadmin to input these into the system.  The DJ's and media outlets will not only get the music streaming links but also get a direct access to the songs, as they will have been uploaded to be coded,  by way of a special access token based on their professional subtype. Yes, media outlet is a subtype of professional. Add anything more that can be implemented as far goes dissemination of information to the public and fan users (giving fan users priority).  Also remember bookers should be able to attach documents and information into a textarea, which will be converted to a text on save and then assigned to the booking for an assigned admin to then assign to an assigned talent user of the booking. And make sure the all links feature creates a "page" on the waitumusic.com domain based on the Wai'tuMusic internal handle for the artist. For example Lí-Lí Octave handle would be lilioctave, and so the all links should take those who scan the qr code to www.waitumusic.com/links/lilioctave. But if it is embedded in her website then a second QR Code should be created (or maybe you can develop a way to now take the viewer to the page where the all links code is embedded in the artist website in such a case???) so that it causes more traffic to go to the artist website and OppHub should track all possible metrics to learn which links or features the visitor(s) frequent the most and to promote these by switching the order of rendering to what works most prioritzing those things that are promotional and revenue generating first. This way OppHub will keep busy learning how to make everything better and better attracting more and more opportunities and revenue opportunities while keeping a keen eye on security. 